Declasses asda file (#185)
sunpy/sunkit-image: changelog/185.breaking.rst

> Asda and Lamb_Oseen classes were both declassed.
> Now instead of initiating the classes the methods that were previously provided within the class can be used directly with the same exact functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``Asda`` and ``Lamb_Oseen`` classes have been removed and replaced with functions that replicate the original process.
```

Reviewer: There should be some sort of transition guide, to how a user how to change their code if they are using it.

Author: ok, should I put it in the changelog?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think so
